feat: adding music player project (#52487)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-string-and-array-methods-by-building-a-music-player/653283d07b8f9d294aafa83b.md

---
id: 653283d07b8f9d294aafa83b
title: Step 20
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-20
---

# --description--

> Now you should start working on playing the displayed songs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's time to begin implementing the functionality for playing the displayed songs.
```
